The question taken is
What is the company business

The_list is: ['business']
Sentences found are
In rail-related businesses, our global competitors include GE Transportation, Vossloh AG, Siemens Akteingesellschaft, Alstom Transport SA, and Voestalpine AG.
The Energy & Transportation portfolio includes the following products and related parts:

•
reciprocating engine powered generator sets
•
reciprocating engines supplied to the industrial industry as well as Caterpillar machinery
•
integrated systems used in the electric power generation industry
•
turbines, centrifugal gas compressors and related services
•
reciprocating engines and integrated systems and solutions for the marine and oil and gas industries
•
remanufactured reciprocating engines and components
•
diesel-electric locomotives and components and other rail-related products and services

Financial Products Segment
 
The business of our Financial Products segment is primarily conducted by Cat Financial, a wholly owned finance subsidiary of Caterpillar.
Cat Financial’s primary business is to provide retail and wholesale financing alternatives for Caterpillar products to customers and dealers around the world.
See also the risk factors associated with our financial products business included in Item 1 A. of this Form 10-K.
Caterpillar Insurance Company is licensed to conduct property and casualty insurance business in 50 states, the District of Columbia and Guam, and as such, is also regulated in those jurisdictions.
Caterpillar Insurance Company is also licensed to conduct insurance business through a branch in Zurich, Switzerland and, as such, is regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority.
Caterpillar Life Insurance Company is licensed to conduct life and accident and health insurance business in 26 states and the District of Columbia and, as such, is also regulated in those jurisdictions.
It provides brokerage services for all property and casualty and life and health lines of business.
•
Brokerage services for property and casualty and life and health business.
We use a variety of agreements with suppliers to protect our intellectual property and processes to monitor and mitigate risks of the supply base causing a business disruption.
The risks monitored include supplier financial viability, the ability to increase or decrease production levels, business continuity, quality and delivery.
These patents and trademarks are generally considered beneficial to our business.
We do not regard our business as being dependent upon any single patent or group of patents.
Our dealers do not deal exclusively with our products; however, in most cases sales and servicing of our products are the dealers’ principal business.
At select business units, certain highly specialized employees have been hired under employment contracts that specify a term of employment, pay and other benefits.
The statements in this section describe the most significant risks to our business and should be considered carefully in conjunction with Part II, Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” of Part II, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" to this Form 10-K.
The following is a cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that we believe are significant to our business.
MACROECONOMIC RISKS

Our business is highly sensitive to global and regional economic conditions and economic conditions in the industries we serve.
The demand for our products and services tends to be cyclical and can be significantly reduced in periods of economic weakness characterized by lower levels of government and business investment, lower levels of business confidence, lower corporate earnings, perceived or actual industry overcapacity, higher unemployment and lower consumer spending.
Slower economic growth or a change in the global mix of regions and countries experiencing economic growth and investment could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Increases in the prices of such commodities would increase our costs, negatively impacting our business, results of operations and financial condition if we are unable to fully offset the effect of these increased costs through price increases, productivity improvements or cost reduction programs.
Our business, competitive position, results of operations or financial condition could be negatively impacted if supply is insufficient for our operations, if we experience excess inventories or if we are unable to adjust our production schedules or our purchases from suppliers to reflect changes in customer demand and market fluctuations on a timely basis.
The impact from a change in liquidity and credit policies could impact the customers and markets we serve or our suppliers, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Government policies on taxes and spending also affect our business.
Our business could be negatively impacted by adverse fluctuations in freight costs, limitations on shipping and receiving capacity, and other disruptions in the transportation and shipping infrastructure at important geographic points of exit and entry for our products.
The occurrence of one or more of these events may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
OPERATIONAL RISKS

The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce and market quality products that meet our customers’ needs.
Our business relies on continued global demand for our brands and products.
To achieve business goals, we must develop and sell products that appeal to our dealers, OEMs and end-user customers.
Failure to continue to deliver high quality, innovative, competitive products to the marketplace, to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, to supply products that meet applicable regulatory requirements, including engine exhaust emission requirements or to predict market demands for, or gain market acceptance of, our products, could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Lack of customer acceptance of price increases we announce from time to time, changes in customer requirements for price discounts, changes in our customers’ behavior or a weak pricing environment attributable to industry overcapacity could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities.
Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining this data, in a secure manner, are critical to our business operations and strategy.
On September 24, 2015, we announced significant restructuring and cost reduction actions expected to occur through 2018 to lower our operating costs in response to current economic and business conditions.
We are also subject to the risks of labor unrest, negative publicity and business disruption in connection with our cost reduction actions.
Failure to realize anticipated savings or benefits from our cost reduction actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows.
We are actively engaged in a number of initiatives to increase our productivity, efficiency and cash flow and to reduce costs, which we expect to have a positive long-term effect on our business, competitive position, results of operations and financial condition.
Our business is subject to the inventory management decisions and sourcing practices of our dealers and our OEM customers.
In pursuing our business strategy, we routinely evaluate targets and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures and joint ventures.
To be successful, we conduct due diligence to identify valuation issues and potential loss contingencies, negotiate transaction terms, complete complex transactions and manage post-closing matters such as the integration of acquired businesses.
Risks associated with our past or future acquisitions also include the following:

•
the business culture of the acquired business may not match well with our culture;

•
technological and product synergies, economies of scale and cost reductions may not occur as expected;


12
Table of Contents

•
unforeseen expenses, delays or conditions may be imposed upon the acquisition, including due to required regulatory approvals or consents;

•
we may acquire or assume unexpected liabilities or be subject to unexpected penalties or other enforcement actions;

•
faulty assumptions may be made regarding the macroeconomic environment or the integration process;

•
unforeseen difficulties may arise in integrating operations, processes and systems;

•
higher than expected investments may be required to implement necessary compliance processes and related systems, including IT systems, accounting systems and internal controls over financial reporting;

•
we may fail to retain, motivate and integrate key management and other employees of the acquired business;

•
higher than expected costs may arise due to unforeseen changes in tax, trade, environmental, labor, safety, payroll or pension policies in any jurisdiction in which the acquired business conducts its operations; and

•
we may experience problems in retaining customers and integrating customer bases.
Failure to implement our acquisition strategy, including successfully integrating acquired businesses, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In the case of divestitures, we may agree to indemnify acquiring parties for certain liabilities arising from our former businesses.
These divestitures may also result in continued financial involvement in the divested businesses, including through guarantees or other financial arrangements, following the transaction.
Lower performance by those divested businesses could affect our future financial results.
We may also be subject to general country strikes or work stoppages unrelated to our business or collective bargaining agreements.
A work stoppage or other limitations on production at our facilities for any reason could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Strikes or work stoppages experienced by our customers or suppliers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Unexpected events, including natural disasters, may increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations.
An inability to access capital and credit markets may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position.
Furthermore, changes in global economic conditions, including material cost increases and decreases in economic activity in key markets we serve, and the success of plans to manage cost increases, inventory and other important elements of our business may significantly impact our ability to generate funds from operations.
The inability of Cat Financial to access funds to support its financing activities to our customers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
If global economic conditions were to deteriorate, Cat Financial could face materially higher financing costs, become unable to access adequate funding to operate and grow its business and/or meet its debt service obligations as they mature, and be required to draw upon contractually committed lending agreements and/or seek other funding sources.
Any of these events could negatively impact Cat Financial’s business, as well as our and Cat Financial's results of operations and financial condition.
Because a significant number of the loans made by Cat Financial are made at fixed interest rates, its business is subject to fluctuations in interest rates.
Adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates from the date of our outlooks could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in our outlooks and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries

15
Table of Contents

or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls.
A breach of one or more of the covenants could result in adverse consequences that could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
These factors could significantly increase our payment obligations under the plans, and as a result, adversely affect our business and overall financial condition.
In addition, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar foreign anti-corruption laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or providing anything of value to improperly influence foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, or obtaining an unfair advantage.
Violations of anti-corruption laws or regulations by our employees, by intermediaries acting on our behalf, or by our joint venture partners may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business, and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations or financial condition.
The implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs or new barriers to entry, in countries where we sell large quantities of products and services could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We face an inherent business risk of exposure to various types of claims, lawsuits and government investigations.
We are involved in various intellectual property, product liability, product warranty and environmental claims and lawsuits and other legal proceedings that arise in and outside of the ordinary course of our business.
It is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of claims, investigations and lawsuits, and we could in the future incur judgments, fines or penalties or enter into settlements of lawsuits and claims that could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition in any particular period.
Cat Financial’s operations are highly regulated by governmental authorities in the locations where it operates, which can impose significant additional costs and/or restrictions on its business.
If environmental laws or regulations are either changed or adopted and impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon us or our products, they could negatively impact our business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position.
Although the majority of our plants are involved primarily in production relating to our Construction Industries, Resource Industries or Energy & Transportation segments, several plants are involved in manufacturing relating to more than one business segment.
In addition, several plants reported in our financial statements under the All Other segments are involved in the manufacturing of components that are used in the assembly of products for more than one business segment.
Our Financial Products business is headquartered in leased offices located in Nashville, Tennessee.
